\input texinfo
@c -*- mode: texinfo; -*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename dezyne.info
@documentencoding UTF-8
@settitle Dezyne Reference Manual
@c %**end of header

@include version.texi

@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2019 Rutger EW van Beusekom@*
Copyright @copyright{} 2019 Jan Nieuwenhuizen@*

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.  A
copy of the license is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free
Documentation License''.
@end copying

@dircategory Software development
@direntry
* Dezyne: (dzn).       Dezyne command line tools.
* dzn: (dzn)Invoking dzn.       Running Dzn, a shell written in Scheme.
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title Dezyne Reference Manual
@subtitle Component based, formally verified.
@author The Dezyne developers

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Edition @value{EDITION} @*
@value{UPDATED} @*

@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@c *********************************************************************
@node Top
@top Dezyne

This document describes Dezyne version @value{VERSION}.

@menu
* Introduction::                What is Dezyne about?
* Using Dezyne::                How to use Dezyne.
* GNU Free Documentation License::  The license of this manual.
@end menu

@c *********************************************************************
@node Introduction
@chapter Introduction


@c *********************************************************************
@node Using Dezyne
@chapter Using Dezyne

@menu
* Invoking Dzn::
@end menu

@node Invoking Dzn
@section Invoking Dzn

The @command{dzn} command is ...

@example
dzn @var{option}@dots{} @code{command} @file{FILE}
@end example

The @var{option}s can be among the following:

@table @code

@item -h@r{, }--help
Display help on invoking Dzn, and then exit.

@item -v@r{, }--version
Display the current version of Dzn, and then exit.

@end table

@c *********************************************************************
@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl-1.3.texi

@bye

@c Local Variables:
@c ispell-local-dictionary: "american";
@c End:
